README.md, before:

# rwho

A hack to centrally display all users logged in to a bunch of servers.

  * Runs over plain HTTP with no security
  * Stores the data in MySQL
  * Has a simple web UI, with HTML, JSON, and XML interfaces
  * Updates are sent instantly

See it in action via [HTTP][ex-http] or [Finger][ex-finger].

[ex-http]: https://rwho.nullroute.eu.org/
[ex-finger]: https://nullroute.eu.org/finger/?q=%2Fw+grawity%40nullroute.eu.org

## Contents

### agent-linux – Linux/BSD agent

Uses `/run/utmp`, with inotify and/or periodic updates. Requires only read access to the `utmp` database; in other words, a standard account.

Dependencies:

  * Perl 5.10 or later
  * use `JSON`
  * use `LWP::UserAgent`
  * use `Socket::GetAddrInfo`
  * use `User::Utmp` or `Sys::Utmp`

For change monitoring:

  * use `Linux::Inotify2` (inotify: Linux)
  * use `IO::KQueue` (kqueue: FreeBSD, NetBSD, OpenBSD)

### agent-windows – Windows NT agent

Uses Terminal Services API, requires Administrator privileges to see sessions other than current.

Dependencies:

  * Python 2.x or 3.x
  * [PyWin32][pywin32]

[pywin32]: https://sourceforge.net/projects/pywin32/files/pywin32/

### lib-php – PHP5 library

Used by current UIs, interfaces directly with the database.

### ui-cli – command-line UI

Does nothing more but fork ui-finger and pass the arguments to stdin.

### ui-finger – Finger UI

Inetd-style server for the Finger protocol. Accepts a single query in stdin, dumps results to stdout.

### ui-web – HTML UI

Exactly what it says on the tin.

## FAQ

Is it GDPR-compliant? No.

Commit message:

mention new Python agent in README

README.md, after:

# rwho

A hack to centrally display all users logged in to a bunch of servers.

  * Runs over plain HTTP with no security
  * Stores the data in MySQL
  * Has a simple web UI, with HTML, JSON, and XML interfaces
  * Updates are sent instantly

See it in action via [HTTP][ex-http] or [Finger][ex-finger].

[ex-http]: https://rwho.nullroute.eu.org/
[ex-finger]: https://nullroute.eu.org/finger/?q=%2Fw+grawity%40nullroute.eu.org

## Contents

### agent/ – Python agent for Linux

Uses `/run/utmp`, with inotify and/or periodic updates. Requires only read access to the `utmp` database; in other words, a standard account.

Dependencies:

  * Python 3.x
  * pyinotify

### agent-linux/ – Perl agent for Linux/BSD (deprecated)

Uses `/run/utmp`, with inotify and/or periodic updates. Requires only read access to the `utmp` database; in other words, a standard account.

Dependencies:

  * Perl 5.10 or later
  * use `JSON`
  * use `LWP::UserAgent`
  * use `Socket::GetAddrInfo`
  * use `User::Utmp` or `Sys::Utmp`

For change monitoring:

  * use `Linux::Inotify2` (inotify: Linux)
  * use `IO::KQueue` (kqueue: FreeBSD, NetBSD, OpenBSD)

### agent-windows – Windows NT agent

Uses Terminal Services API, requires Administrator privileges to see sessions other than current.

Dependencies:

  * Python 2.x or 3.x
  * [PyWin32][pywin32]

[pywin32]: https://sourceforge.net/projects/pywin32/files/pywin32/

### lib-php – PHP5 library

Used by current UIs, interfaces directly with the database.

### ui-cli – command-line UI

Does nothing more but fork ui-finger and pass the arguments to stdin.

### ui-finger – Finger UI

Inetd-style server for the Finger protocol. Accepts a single query in stdin, dumps results to stdout.

### ui-web – HTML UI

Exactly what it says on the tin.

## FAQ

Is it GDPR-compliant? No.
