=head1 NAME

rwhod - remote-who collector daemon

=head1 SYNOPSIS

rwhod [options]

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 8

=item B<--cleanup>

Send an empty update and exit. (See also B<--single> for notes.) 

=item B<--daemon>

Fork to background after initial update.

=item B<--help>

Obvious.

=item B<--[no-]include-root>

Include or ignore root logins. Default is to ignore, for "security" reasons.
(Those who run rwhod generally care little about security, however.)

=item B<--[no-]inotify>

Turn off inotify and only use periodic updates.

=item B<--man>

Display the manual page.

=item B<--pidfile=I<path>>

Write PID to file after performing initial update (and daemonizing, if enabled).
Ignored in single-update mode.

=item B<--poll=I<seconds>>, B<--no-poll>

Periodic update every I<seconds> seconds. 600 seconds is the default (30 seconds if inotify is disabled). Zero to disable.

=item B<--server-url=I<url>>

Use specified server URL.

=item B<--single>

Send a single update and exit. Will cause B<--daemon> or B<--pidfile> to be ignored.

=item B<-v>, B<--verbose>

Print informative messages.

=back

=head1 DEPENDENCIES

=over 4

=item * Perl 5.10

=item * C<JSON>

=item * C<Linux::Inotify2>

=item * C<LWP::UserAgent>

=item * C<Socket::GetAddrInfo> (recommended) or the C<getent> binary

=item * C<Sys::Utmp> or C<User::Utmp>

=back

=head1 BUGS

It's useless.

C<inotify> requirement makes the script unportable outside Linux.

Using C<getaddrinfo> just to find our own FQDN might be overkill.

Hosts are only identified by their FQDN, so it's possible to upload fake data.

Incremental updates are not yet implemented (server-side support exists).

=cut
